Forms of runes, inscriptions.
They are the work of my entire life.
The more I study, the more I begin to see
similar shapes in the stars.
At that moment I decided to
focus on becoming
a Rune Seeker.
As Farrow has explained, runes
are very powerful and ancient inscriptions,
and you can set them in your objects
to give them more power.
During the league, inscribing symbols
on remnants will allow you to choose
from several different crafting runes
to enhance your items.
When you find a remnant,
it will have between two
and seven spaces.
More spaces mean a more powerful
encounter,
but also
more options to choose from.
At the beginning of the game, you
may find yourself
crafting simple damage or resistance runes,
which are available at lower levels
than you would normally find them,
and which will mean a decent power boost.
But things improve quickly.
There are 22 runes to add
or modify runic barrier,
a new resource that can
protect you from death.
With these runes, you can add
extra defense or turn your rune barrier
into an offensive weapon using
Kalguran rune skills.
There are also 13 runes that add
specific powers to certain types of weapons,
like this one, which grants a chance
for grenades to explode a second time.
Or this one that gives you a beneficial effect
called Druidic Feat
when you completely stun enemies.
In addition,
there are 22 runes designed to give power
at low levels,
like this one, which gives elemental resistances,
or this one, which gives a lot of spirit.
These runes are designed to be powerful,
but they lose value at higher levels.
They're great for quickly leveling up
a second character in the league.  We
also have six runes that
can be used to expand
the list of modifiers used
during high-level crafting.
For example, you can socket
Katla's Melancholy into gloves
and that will enable the crafting
of mods.  new decay items
that you can use for
degenerative damage builds.
After socketing one
of these runes,
use exalted or chaos orbs
to try to obtain the mods.  new.
There are several runes that have powerful
and unique effects on objects,
but they remain linked forever.
Like this one, which allows
any object to gain another suffix.
Or this one, which allows you to create a setting for jewelry.
Or this series of runes
that can convert any
mod.  elemental from one element to another.
There's even a rune that can
enhance any other rune,
allowing you to improve the item
beyond normal.
The last one I want to show is Legacy of Aldur,
a special rune that you can socket into
unique Kalgurans or Ezomites to destroy them
and create a new rune that has
some of the unique's properties.
For example,
use it in Fingercrusher to create
Fingercrusher Legacy.
Attach it to boots and,
just like the one they came from,
you'll inflict 10% of the excess damage to
all enemies within two meters.
Or how about Twisted Empyrean Legacy?
Destroy a twisted Empyrean
and you can add ice damage based
on your maximum mana to any weapon.
With Aldur's Legacy, you can
create approximately one hundred more runes
with all kinds of unique effects.
At this point, you may think
that's a lot of runes,
and you're right.
This is Runes of Aldur,
after all.
But we didn't want the
old runes to be left behind.
A large number of old,
unused runes have been improved,
significantly enhancing
this crafting system.
Explore everything the
runes have to offer
in Return of the Ancients on May 29.
See you there!